README.md, before:

# ray-odh-demo

Prototype an integration of ray with Open Data Hub on OpenShift, using a singleuser profile to provision a ray cluster.

### Demo Directions

Prerequisites - This demo assumes:

1. You have a project namespace in OpenShift to use for your demo, and that you have admin privileges on the cluster to install the Open Data Hub operator and add rolebindings.
1. You have installed the Open Data Hub community operator from the Operator Catalog.
1. You have created a deployment of the ODH operator into your demo namespace. The only ODH component necessary for this demo is JupyterHub, but others may be installed if desired.

To install and run this demo:

1. Edit the rolebinding file `deploy/ray-jh-rolebinding.yaml` in this repository: change the namespace field to correspond to your demo namespace. The JupyterHub launcher needs this rolebinding to give it authorization to create the ray cluster deployment objects in your project.
1. Run `oc apply -f` on all the `.yaml` files in the `deploy` directory.
1. You will need to restart the `jupyterhub-xxxx` pod so that it reads the new profile you just installed. Simply deleting this pod will cause it to be restarted automatically.
1. Log into the ODH JupyterHub launcher. You should see a new notebook image option `ray-notebook:latest`: choose this.
1. In the environment variable section, add `JUPYTER_PRELOAD_REPOS` and set to `https://github.com/erikerlandson/ray-odh-demo.git`
1. Launch your JupyterHub environment. As part of the startup process, the ODH JupyterHub launcher should also start up a Ray cluster.
1. In Jupyter, navigate to directory `ray-odh-demo.git/source` and open the demo notebook.
1. Run the notebook to confirm that it connects to your ray cluster and operates correctly.

Commit message:

Use ray operator (#3)
* move odh yaml to its own dir

* RAY_HEAD_IP

* prototype ray operator

* latest cached nightly

* non-hacked cr

* remove pip install, use cached ims

* add client server flag

* updated ray-smoke-test nb

* sync with latest nightly to pick up autoscaler fix

* update singleuser profile to use the ray operator

* update rolebinding to use same role as ray op

* update to use latest ray conventions

* update ray test CR for latest conventions

* obsolete test CR

* rename test CR

* client-server image is obsolete

* rolebinding does not need namespace?

* update demo directions in the readme

README.md, after:

# ray-odh-demo

Prototype an integration of ray with Open Data Hub on OpenShift, using a singleuser profile to provision a ray cluster.

### Demo Directions

#### Prerequisites - This demo assumes:

1. You have a project namespace in OpenShift to use for your demo, and that you have admin privileges on the cluster to install the Open Data Hub operator, add rolebindings define CRDs, etc.
1. You have installed the Open Data Hub community operator from the Operator Catalog.
1. You have created a deployment of the ODH operator into your demo namespace. The only ODH component necessary for this demo is JupyterHub, but others may be installed if desired.

#### Installing the Ray operator

This demo makes use of the Ray operator.
To install the operator, install the following in your demo:

1. Go to your demo namespace: `oc project <your-project-namespace>`
1. Install the CRD for a ray cluster: `oc apply -f deploy/operator/ray-cluster-crd.yaml`
1. Run the operator pod: `oc apply -f deploy/operator/ray-operator.yaml`
1. You should now see the ray operator running in pod `ray-operator-pod`
1. You may optionally test that the operator is working by creating a CR and ensuring it spins a ray cluster: `oc apply -f deploy/operator/ray-test-cluster-cr.yaml`

#### To install and run this demo:

This demo makes use of a role-binding to the role `ray-operator-role` defined for the ray operator during the instructions above.

1. Run `oc apply -f` on all the `.yaml` files in the `deploy/odh` directory.
1. You will need to restart the `jupyterhub-xxxx` pod so that it reads the new profile you just installed. Simply deleting this pod will cause it to be restarted automatically.
1. Log into the ODH JupyterHub launcher. You should see a new notebook image option `ray-notebook:latest`: choose this.
1. In the environment variable section, add `JUPYTER_PRELOAD_REPOS` and set to `https://github.com/erikerlandson/ray-odh-demo.git`
1. Launch your JupyterHub environment. As part of the startup process, the ODH JupyterHub launcher should also start up a Ray cluster.
1. In Jupyter, navigate to directory `ray-odh-demo.git/source` and open the demo notebook.
1. Run the notebook to confirm that it connects to your ray cluster and operates correctly.
